[Applause]
[Music]
what's going on guys it's Pat and
welcome back to another minecraft video
and today guys we are going back to the
orphanage map once again in getting our
revenge after I played it it scared
everyone so bad that they want me to
come back here and blow it up so that's
exactly what we're gonna do today guys
honestly this is how I wish I was
prepared the first time if I had a
flamethrower and a grenade launcher I
would have done much better but yeah
guys we're gonna be using the weapons
plus mod to take out this map today hope
you guys enjoy if you do be sure to slam
that like button if we can hit 6000 that
would be amazing
so yeah this place is gonna die today
before it scared us today we shoot it
with grenades
so normally you walk over here and then
have to go over the vines but instead
I've got a grenade launcher and with a
grenade launcher you can do this instead
so I'm gonna make my way in this is how
I wish I entered this place so let's
just jump in here I'm kinda gonna play
the map a little bit you know and just
use these things to destroy it get a
flamethrower right kid gotta just light
everything on fire huh all right we'll
do that screw these trees they make it
hard to see anyway I don't I don't like
these trees it freaks me out a bit plus
I'm lighting everything up nicely oh you
know what we should probably grab like
night vision because this is like the
darkness map in the world and today
we're not going to be scared by it today
we're gonna kill all the scary faces
instead alright so I'm gonna grab a
night vision potion hey guys if you
didn't see my playthrough I'll leave it
down below cuz it was pretty hilarious
alright so there we go so now I can
actually see and I did keep the texture
pack cuz without it the map looked
really stupid it really does so the
entrance is right here it actually locks
you into you see the scary face for a
second you know what screw your face
we're getting in here so it looks a lot
less scary right now doesn't it and guys
there is a jump scare over here I'm
gonna take it out I'm gonna take out the
jump scare so be prepared for it it's in
this right when you get next to the door
it's gonna happen maybe that'll stop it
I don't know it might still happen be
ready right now
you're not scary anymore okay cuz I knew
you were there and I told everybody I
broke a hole in the other side so guys
we also have this right here this is
really cool it's like a new weapon from
that mod cuz I reviewed it a while ago
and it didn't have this and I guess what
it does is it shoots down like lasers so
I'm not laser its missiles so I can do
this one there's like a 10-second one a
20-second one in the nuke is 60 seconds
I'm just doing it I don't know if it's
gonna come through the ceiling or what
but in 10 seconds the place is gonna be
really upset I'm just kind of you know
spreading some fire right now I'm just
waiting 10 seconds I want something cool
to happen I think it might have went
through the roof instead alright let's
see we're gonna go up here oh yeah it
definitely did that that is a lot of
redstone blocks isn't it not redstone
blocks command block alright they are
not hurt they are not hurt alright let's
test out the bigger one I really want to
get like you an awesome explosion with
this I know the biggest one is really
powerful so we can go with this one the
twenty second one and while we're doing
that we might as well just kind of
wrecked the place you know what I want
revenge on that pool room it's so scary
and and every other room too so you've
got about 20 seconds to blow this up
until something awesome happens oh I
want to be outside for it I actually
want to see it like land that is the
scariest moon I've ever seen before it
all right don't
oh there it is did you see that it lit
it all on fire I might have fire take
off or I might naturally have that I
think I'm gonna change it
not to worry guys now it changed it and
the whole place is probably gonna go up
in flames
I really hated it and I'm gonna run in
the hall fly in the hall how's that feel
I'll fly in the hall we're going down to
the basement
cuz this place was so creepy it really
was it looks so much better lit up like
this so there's another jump scare over
here guys I'm gonna try to rocket it
right over here I know you're coming
unless I broke the bed broke the red so
that's possible I think I did it's going
I already killed it don't worry
alright through it then
um heard some scary noise badly good
giant nether portal that is freaky isn't
it that is scary how do we do so far
look at the place this is what we did to
the whorephanage I feel terrible saying
like I'm blowing up an orphanage but in
this case I guess it's not that bad
alright before we blow up the whole
thing cuz you know we're we really got
it with the fire let me try this the 60
second one we got one minute to check
out maybe the pool room which i think is
right here yeah I found the pool room
guys I found it and it's not looking so
good you still got the scary effects to
all this scary noises and stuff just
burn this down and also let me get this
sadly there's a cool dad on this roof I
wish I could do it like automatically
cuz I can't do it again right now
but I guess we're waiting for a nuke to
take this entire place out that's gonna
be a pity but yeah I really felt like I
had to get revenge on this one it scared
so many people and those jump scares get
me every time I don't know what's wrong
with me like I just don't see him coming
if I don't know they're there
they definitely scare me badly alright
let's just wait for it
and did that do a lot oh it really did
that was like the whole orphanage in the
shack in the back I hated this place -
I'm glad you go on every single no
there's one block you know what you got
fire how's that feel how's it feel if
you had fire you're gonna burn and dad
I'm gonna blow you up there we go yeah
that that was a good Duke wasn't it
should we do it again we can take out
the entire orphanage like this alright
so I'm gonna grab this and that was a
big nuclear missile and while we're
waiting for it we're just gonna blow
everything else up it's gonna be all
command blocks when we're done here
you got some night vision to get I don't
want it to go completely dark it's kind
of a small map but I thought it was
worth blowing up anyway all right so
let's grenade launched this that is so
sick you love a bed I have no idea you
do it the answer is yes you can blob
beds it just didn't go before probably
cuz of the fire
alright I'm gonna spread it yeah there
isn't much left guys we got this side of
the or
and we know that a nuclear missile is
gonna be coming down here very soon to
finish it off that is gonna be so sick
all right here we go
hopefully it'll be something left I'm
thinking out the beds for some reason
they bothered me they freaked me out
this is where she killed me in one of
the bedrooms that was so mean oh there
it comes here we took out the other side
of it so guys you can see these blocks
actually look kind of cool if you switch
this into defo I'm gonna do it right now
to show you guys the difference so we'll
go to options here and then resource
packs and we'll switch back to default
there isn't too much left but you could
definitely see there's a difference in
this and from what I heard the jump
scares are actually pumpkins like it's
already less scary isn't it I feel like
you got rid of everything that was scary
with the colors it's so much different
it actually kind of looks like a house
maybe I would build but yeah guys we
almost got it let's finish it off this
way not scary anymore and let me take
let's see this I kind of like the small
one still you know like the conventional
missile it's only got ten seconds and
I'm kind of impatient so I think we can
light it up fire while we wait for that
let's get the fires going here involve a
missile coming down in a second and then
I think that's pretty much it I want my
car to live because because I like my
car my car should be able to live let's
check it out we go outside so you had
things look so much different like this
don't they and that's emerald over there
I had no idea that's what they use for
that block and what is my car my car is
obsidian Alice Sarah they died in a
nuclear explosion so nothing to worry
about I know we got leisure last time
but this time we nuked her and there's
no way she survived that but anyways
hope you enjoyed the video and the
commentary if you did be sure to smash
that like button and subscribe if you're
new to the channel and I will see you
next time for another minecraft video